Update documentation to arkd v0.4 and improve docs (#26)
ark-network/arkdev.info: docs/provider/intro.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> `arkd` is the core server component of the Ark ecosystem, designed for Ark Service Providers. It serves as the backbone of the Ark, facilitating off-chain Bitcoin transactions and providing the liquidity to the protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`arkd` is the core server component of the Ark ecosystem, designed for Ark Servers. It serves as the backbone of the Ark, facilitating off-chain Bitcoin transactions and providing the liquidity to the protocol.
```
